I was unemployed & I notified them when I became unemployed & refused to put me on hardship,Now I owe $7500 in arrears & they haven't even contacted me but they send repo agents to my house & they even provided the repo agent the wrong information on the amount oweing.They constantly say "we'll get some one to contact you very soon in regards to your situation change" I'm now employed & I'm trying to get back on track but they don't call back or wanna listen to you.They pretty much set you up to fail.Since their interest rate is 18% so you end up being their cash cow or you end up getting your vehicle repossessed.We were put on to Pepper Money through our finance Broker. Very happy with our Broker and how quick everything was finalised.  Pepper Money followed up 24 hours later to confirm everything.   Very happy with their service and product we received.Quick, easy and friendly, I would recommend these guys to anyone. Even set me up with a great rate. Cheers to themI have a car financed as security to Pepper and I recently lost my job and they won't accept hardship or even negotiate a differential to repayments until I am employed again because I have arrears now they threaten repossession and they harass me. I have applied an application with consumer affairs.The most heartless customer service representatives!!!! I have ever come across such rudeness disrespectful service within any company, Pepper Finance tops of the absolute worst savage customer service I have every experience, every single time I get the rudest person at the end of the line! Trying to explain my situation with paying my loan and they don't care! They are to the core Unprofessional!I had the pleasure of using Pepper Finance when buying my car. The broker i worked with was absolutely fantastic, professional, knowledgeable and extremely efficient. His service was second to none. Everything was  explained in detail and i left feeling completely at ease knowing i made the right decision in using Pepper. I Would highly recommend Pepper to anyone and everyone. Many thanks for making buying my car a breeze!We paid pepper out and kept getting letters from them saying we had missed payment sent them back signed copy that our  contract was closed had a phone call from them saying they could not find anything saying it was closed finally told them that i was going to my solicitor they all of a sudden found that it had been closed for over 3 months they have no idea what they are doing buyer beware they will rip you off if they can and by the way we still get mail from them offering to help i just bin it now they will give up sooner or later i hopeMy broker organised Pepper Finance and all was done on time with no issues.
I had a smooth transition with the loan and paperwork and this was done without a hiccup.
Received a follow up call 24 hours after settlement to confirm everything was ok and adjusted one minor detail without a problem.
Thank you.The broker I used was top of her class she fought for what was best for me and I would recommend her to any one.they are very helpful , they look at your situation individually , super supportive, it was really great doing business with them thank you pepperMy car was written off in floods. Insurance paid out, as did my gap insurance to cover the rest. 3 months later & I'm still fighting with them to finalise my payments & stop taking money from my account when they owe me back payments! They keep claiming they have not received the gap insurance even though my gap insurance company has given them exact payment dates into their account. Up to phone call number 4 now & they still claim they've not received it... They don't return calls when they say they will. Wish I never used these guys! They happily deduct my account yet they won't stop payments when they owe me money... Bad bad bad company! Very unprofessional!!!My Lo Doc application was submitted by my broker to refinance my mortgage and consolidate some debts, you profess to understand peoples individual needs and your consultant couldn't even answer all his questions and kept having to ask someone else for answers or truly understand my application! 
Your consultants offer of $5,100 per month repayment based on your "loan modelling program" is ridiculous in the extreme and would mean I would repay Pepper $1,836,000.00 for a $600,000.00 mortgage over the duration of the loan. Even my broker was gob-We are grateful to Pepper for the willingness to offer us a loan when other providers would not do so .Such flexibility was important in enabling us to purchase our preferred investment property. All processes and procedures were clear and straight forward.Increased our repayments, from 600 to 700 dollars a month, so they would take out  the 700 and an additional 600 dollars a month as they never cancelled the original direct debit in their system and were continuously told to sort it out!!! Finally got it sorted after 4 months of this happening and a few months later rang them to pay the loan out and close it, this was all good until once again this month they have done the same bloody thing!!!! Taking more money out of our account to pay out a loan that doesn't even exist anymore!!!!! Wouldn't use them for anything!!!Company was very helpful and went out of their way to make us comfortable. We had a great experience and will definitely go back :)I have had several loans in my time and Pepper has been by far the most seamless and swift transaction I have experienced and a 4% rate reduction to boot. Would not hesitate to recommend or use them again!Don't think for a minute that Pepper Finance are only bottom dwellers from people that have borrowed off them. Just bought a house from them their Solicitor was the most savage woman that I have ever dealt with. Didn't want to release mortgage documents and even though they were 2 days in breach of contract they were still threatening to fine us if it didn't settle at their suggested time on the later settlement day, because they were unreasonable. I would hate to know how they treat people that owe them money, if they treat buyers this badly.If you are renting, keep doing so-no interest rate reduction passed on absolutely terrible avoid at all costs, happily paid my mortgage off as only needed for bridging, account fees every month, if there is a way to gouge you, they have it down pat.Fast, easy, smooth, efficient and professional, my application approval within a week. Highly recommend my friends or anyone who needs to do finance.
Much appreciatedThe big 4 don't come close to Pepper Money. Fast, efficient and professional, my application took days not weeks for approval.Amazing service, very easy and nice to deal with! 5 out of 5 would recommend to anyone who is looking for easy finance with great service!Really happy with the service 5 out of 5 awesome people freindly service  cheers and thankyou very very much once again thankuFast and efficient. The process was very smooth. It only took 3 days including a Saturday, from when i looked at the car to picking the car up.
ThanksGreat people excellent service very efficient and friendly service nothing was a problem every thing explain as we went alongI will never use them again.  Extremely poor client service and NO communication.  Can't believe they won even one reward.I fulfilled a lifelong dream of wanting a motorbike at the ripe age of 51 years young.
My broker Brody from Sunstate Bikes in Hervey Bay was fabulous with organising a loan through Pepper Finance & we were able to complete the process online which saved so much time & energy.
I was contacted by Shafei Nordien, Customer Experience Officer from Pepper Finance 2 days after my loan settled to check that all was well & if I had any questions.
In short if you want to buy a bike go to Sunstate Hervey Bay ... if you need a loan go to Peppers finance!
Many thanks
EvaMy husband and I got a car loan through Pepper in June of this year. I contacted them a few weeks after taking the loan to organise weekly payments only be advised if I did so I would be charged $1.50 per transaction which ends up being $78.00 per year not including extra payments and that they also only work on a 4 weekly basis. At the time of taking out the loan I was advised the payments would be $82.00 pw only to discover after taking out the loan because they only go on a 4 week basis my payments would have to be $87.00 pw. I have never coGot car finance through pepper and after a month decided to pay the full amount. After paying my car off I was told the that I would get a letter of finalization within 24 to 48 hours...2 weeks later and after multiple phone calls and excuses I still didn't receive it! 
I called yesterday on 4/8 and was told that I would receive the letter within half an hour only to receive a statement with someone elses details such as name, address, rego, contract number, etc. I called again to ask what the hell is going on! And was promised someone would call me to fix the problem.
Still waiting on the call and the statement><

Customer service 3/10
Communication 2/10
professionalism 2/10 
Overall 3/10Contact broker from Aussie Emma & she was outstanding & dealing with pepper was a breath of fresh air due to the smoothness of the application.
Pepper customer service was outstanding & always keep you up to date. 'GO PEPPER & AUSSIE GREAT TEAM.My wife and I made a joint application for a car loan. And it was so easy and stress free. One of the best experience I have had with financial products.We had a loan with Pepper inherited from GE, trying to change from one product to another as we are paying way too much interest, has taken over 18 months, and endless paperwork, would have been easier to go to another bank. Not recommended, don't know how they do business, don't replay to calls or emails. Clearly they are trying to get as much interest out of us possible and slowing down the change.Damien down at Glenelg finance made the process of getting a loan easy and with the help from Scott at cash car monster Glenelg my process only took a matter of days. Definitely recommend anyone in Adelaide looking for a new car.Very happy with the fast and professional outcome of dealing with Pepper!
I am so pleased that I would recommend pepper to both friends and family members...
Thank you Pepper!!We purchased a loan for a car though pepper money the process was  to be easy and effortless. The application took minutes and by the first working day, Monday i was happily driving home.An absolute disgrace of a company, absolutely NO CARE NO SYMPATHY AND NO RESPECT! How can you treat people like a peace of crap because of a medical condition which has put my parents in financial hardship to where they can't pay a ridiculously priced mortgage, they have had this house for almost 22 years and this is how there treated the one time they needed help you didn't give 2 crap, absolutely disgusting, worst mortgage/ finance company I have ever come across! And not to mention lying about what was owed by tens of thousandsJust found out pepper done over 5 credit enquiries for one car. My credit ratings is now shot. Thanks to [name removed]Dealing with Pepper was easy and hassle free. Very professional and and keep us informed, our broker was excellent and couldn't be more helpful.The entire experience with Pepper and my broker was proffessional and simple. I was kept informed during the entire process, even post settlement. A great start to what should be a long relationship!The big banks refused to consolidate my home loan with my debts to make my life easier even though it was very clear on paper that this would be in my best interests and theirs to do so. I have been struggling with repayments for years. Applying with Pepper was easy. Everything was done via email. So convenient.My debts are now consolidated. Pepper has truly changed my life. Thank you!!I have my home loan with your company and from the very first month you INCREASED my interest rate!! but now that the interest rate has dropped TWICE you have not passed that or any drop onto me, WHY?? Your quick to increase but not to pass on the drop. An explanation would be good as when I call your customer service center they talk to me like im a waste of time!!Fantastic services. The process was very easy and realistic. Staffs are very friendly and cooperative. Thanks Amit for introducing pepper Home loan.Extremely easy to apply, service was fantastic from start to finish. Worked out the best solution for my situation 
Would highly recommend to anyone looking to for finance away from the big banks.Fantastic experience. Very informative we were kept up to date at every step our broker Vanessa was awesome and explained everything to us in the simplest way possible. We only settled a week ago and they have already been on the phone checking how we are going. The overall experience was profound and has put my business back on track and in perspective minimizing debt and interest for a sound goals in our new 5 year business plan.From now on, I would not use anyone else when it comes to obtaining a loan, I first spoke to my broker at 8.00pm and by 4.00 the following afternoon I was driving away in my new car. There communication was excellent, very easy to talk to, all instructions were easy to follow, and they were able to help me on a very tight timeline. These guys are good!!! And would highly recommend them to anyone, not wanting to deal with the arrogance of the big banks.I was so very happy with the whole process, very helpful and friendly staff with very fast turn around and constant communication through the whole process and I  would recommend Peppers to anyone.
Before you try any other finance company try Peppers first.Fantastic experience. Very informative we were kept up to date at every step our broker was awesome and explained everything to us in the simplest way possible. We only settled a week ago and they have already been on the phone checking how we are going.I was so happy with this whole process! It was easy, fast and painless. My broker from Credit One was extremely helpful, polite and informative. He covered any questions I had. Most without me even having to ask. The turnaround with Pepper Money was very fast. Then, after the loan was approved, a staff member called me to make sure that I was happy with everything, to confirm that my broker had done a good job, to see if I had any further questions or concerns, and to congratulate me on my new car. I have never had a loan arranged so easily and conveniently. I would highly recommend Credit One and Pepper Money to anyone.Fantastic service! Friendly and helpful broker made my experience extremely pleasant! Fast turn around time and great communication keeping me in the loop at every step of the way. Would recommend to anyone looking to get financing.Beware! I was mislead by Pepper. When I compared loans Pepper appeared to be slightly less expensive than the banks. Now that my loan has been paid off I am being charged an additional $500 to close the loan as well as $500 for additional legal fees to do so totalling an extra $1000. In effect their loan is more expensive than they initial costs quoted and my comparison was not the same as the bank did not charge these costs.We've called Pepper twice now for general lending questions, the first time we were bluntly told they do not offer personal loans. (I'm sorry.. what is a car loan then?) I was actually calling to ask if they could give me some info on a car loan but by the time I tried to explain I was hung up on. The second time I called about Home Loans and to confirm some info we had received from our Broker. again, we were made to feel like we were wasting their time. Even our Broker has said the rude and unhelpful phone staff is pretty common. Unless you really need too.. I'd try someone else!Very fast process and with the option of paying additional payments when i can to reduce loan. Very helpful staff. Highly recommend.Very happy with the hassle free application and great customer service.
Will recommend to my friends.
Professional and very genuine.
Thank you!Thank you Pepper for the simple to understand process of re-financing our homeland. There were no hassles and anyone I needed to talk to gave me an answer without the hassles of "we will get back to you". Thank you Pepper.My first time ever being financed, I wasn't sure how it was all going to work and how expensive it would be but I was directed to pepper who provided me with an amazing price that couldn't be beaten. Thank you Pepper!I would like to thank Pepper for giving me a Fair go, at the ripe old age of 50 plus. After being knocked on the head by other so called Lenders, finally a Company that is Fair and Honest to a tee. The whole process was painless and all the documentation was easy to understand. I would and have recommend Pepper to my friends and colleagues at work. I five Pepper Finance a big thumbs up and 10 out of 10 for service.

Susanna - Bensville NSWI would have to say a big thank you! Pepper were great through out the whole process and I had been having trouble trying to find someone who will give me a fair go and they did and did it all quick and easy! I didn't have to stress over anything. keep up the great work guys!My experience with pepper home loan was as painless as can be, 
Everyone I dealt with were professional and easy going, I would recommend pepper to anyone,Thanks to pepper finance, I am now the proud owner of a brand new holden Epica!
Support was amazing and everything was so simple. Had almost nothing to do as my finance manager was taking care of everything for me!
Would definitely recommend to friends and family looking into finance options.I am very happy and grateful to pepper home loans for being real and taking into account borrower circumstances and giving people a chance to prove they are eligible for approval without just crossing boxes and saying no.Pepper loans was great! Service second to none, fast and informative and very friendly. Will defiantly consider Pepper loans for any future finance.Pepper are amazing and support you from your first enquiry, during the application process, during settlement and the after service is great.  Don't waste time with non conforming banks and loan sharks, give Pepper a call or use your financial advisor to make contact.  Pepper have changed our lives and allowed us to live the dream many others said was not possible or we could not do. Thanks to Pepper we now own a beautiful home and have an investment property. Pepper is the future for home loans! My entire family thank you Pepper and all your amazing staff.Pepper was great! They made everything happen fast which was amazing and needed! They still keep in touch, very happy with the service, would defiantly recommend for a family or a friend!I am very happy with pepper and the quick service they offered.
The customer service was great and will be recommending them the friends and family.
Thank you!I cant thank Christian Petrovski from Pepper Home loans enough for his professionalism, ease of the application process, his support throughout. This made the whole application run smoothly. I would highly recommend Pepper to friends and family.Hey i am very happy with pepper and all they have done for me the customer service has been fantastic and i would highly recommend you guys to any of my friends or familyowning a small business make it difficult to get a a loan but pepper made the process super simple. our broker, Steven Lunn also provided an exceptional service, making sure that we were in the loop at all times. now, we own our own home for the first time! amazing, we are very happy. :)Had great experience dealing with Pepper through out the whole process of getting loan approval. Clear instructions, prompt responses, approachable with friendly & professional manner resulted in good outcome! I would like to recommend to other people 100%.Exceptional service, easy to follow instructions, regular follow ups and great communication. I recommend Pepper Bank to anyone without hesitation!A fast response, with great communication throughout the application process. Great rates compared to major banking sector.  Will definitely recommend!Great service & hassle free, we were in a situation where no one else would help us, but Pepper helped us consolidate and we now only 1 payment and stress free. I would recommend them to anyone.Fast and efficient response.Great communication and hassle free service with our loan.Everything was made so easy for us. I recommend Pepper home loans great doing business with you.These guys have been brilliant. Polite, quick and hassle free. Professional yet personal. Special thanks to Shafei Nordien. Thanks guys!Obtaining a home loan with pepper was a quick and stress free process. We are very happy with the outcome.Our experience with Pepper has been Hot ha, we applied and had an answer within days and no hick ups no problems, staff so helpful and very informative we are looking forward to switching all our mortgages with Pepper as soon as we can thank you Pepper Carole and Russell BramstonDue to flexible product & fair terms I got a great solution & couldn't be happier with the service from James at Pepper.
Highly reccomendedMy own personal bank would not offer me a loan due to my default history, but with Pepper I was able to get the loan I needed to consolidate my debts into my mortgage plus improve the kitchen and bathroom. I would recommend giving them a go.I would recommend pepper to my friends and family.All the banks said no to me as i had one default but pepper was there to help me out pay all my debt and just have 1payment..thank you  pepper. .Bought car no fuss even with credit mark that was 3 years old recommend to everyone. Even had a follow up phone call!I was looking to refinance my Home Loan and Residential Investment Property loans. Pepper Home Loans was recommended by my Mortgage Broker. Pepper also consolidated my car loan at the same rate which is more competitive than any other lender had offered. The application to settlement process went quickly and smoothly. The online Loan Service Net is simple and easy to use.I just settled my new investment property with pepper. I compared a lot of products from major /non major banks also I used to use other online homeloan but, pepper was offering the best rate with all features i need. Overall, service is good and process was quick and easy.Had a smooth and easy application process with Pepper. Staff all very helpful and friendly. Would recommend them . Thanks Pepper.My husband and I had great service when applying. Very helpful staff especially with explaining all the loan details to someone like me who knows nothing when it comes to this kind of stuff. Will definitely recommend to others. Thanks so much !Had a very smooth sail with Pepper homeloans .They made a complicated situation , easy to deal with. They very efficient and helpful. Been a easy process dealing with Pepper. Great staff!!! Thanks so much .. I'm now a Home owner :) yippiegreat company , no need to be ashamed about bad debt with pepper they have a product for everyone.
much easier to deal with than mainstream lenders.Our Finace person found pepper for us. They were easy to deal with, and followed up with a few calls to check that we were happy. Great serviceI found dealing with pepper a very easy fast process, after dealing with a number of other banks I have found there was less hoops to jump through. I will defiantly being going back for future finance.I thought getting a home loan was impossible being a business owner but Pepper made it possible. The whole process I thought would be long and difficult but that also was smooth sailing. I now live in my beautiful home that I never thought possible. Thanks guys from Pepper you changed my life.We dealt with Gemma and Janine who were beyond helpful in dealing with 4x people with 4x separate loans. The process was made easy through their expertise and professionalism, always taking their time with us and handling everything with a friendly and patient manner.  Our group is extremely happy with the overall outcome on all accounts.Pepper was able to get me the loan i was after to buy my house. They made it really simple and easy.Pepper have been great from start to finish. They were very helpful throughout the whole process of us getting a loan. The interest rate is good. Would recommend to anyone. Thanks pepper!Was looking at buying a Harley and pepper finance were the guys who looked after me  love my new bikeFantastic offer, service andvery easy to deal with . I would highly recommend for anyone looking for a personal loan.Pepper Homeloans made our dreams come true!! We were finally given a loan which enabled us to buy our first home and the process was fantastic!! Our broker not only guided us through the paperwork but was there for us as a friend too, he made sure we understood the process and allowed us to contact him on weekends, out of office hours and also phoned and spoke to our solicitor who were not so helpful!! 
We are extremely happy with the service pepper have given us and would recommend pepper to anyone and everyone!! Thank you doesn't even come close to how grateful and thankful we are!!Could not fault in any way. The staff at Pepper and through Go Home Loans were great from day one. Pepper have really helped us get back on track with our finances. consolidating all our debt. We no longer have to avoid answering the phone. Would highly recommend Pepper Home Loans. Thankyou so much.Our broker [name removed] was upfront and made process for us to get our loan easy. One default but still got a great rate. Thank you all. Peppers follow up call to welcome us was icing on the cake. Thanks againWe recently made the move from one of the Big 4's to Pepper. Good products with competitive rates offering excellent customer service. Well done team team Pepper,smooth process during the transition, looking forward to a long business relationship.Thank you to Aussie and Pepper for my car finance. I've recommended you to family and friends because of your efficient, friendly service and competitive rates.After approaching Mortgage Choice about refinancing we found that dealing with them and Pepper was one very smooth, quick and easy process.  Couldn't believe how fast our loan was approved.  Can't thank Ben at Toowoomba Mortgage Choice enough for his assistance and the admin staff were fabulous keeping us updated with every step.From the moment we contacted Pepper to settlement, our consultant James made the process easy.
He was always available, either knew the answers or came back to us promptly with them and kept us up to date throughout with our loan progress. Certainly a far better experience than we have had with mainstream lenders. Well done Pepper. :)Pepper made life so easy, from start of application process to settlement, everything was in straight forward and in black and white. They were more than happy to answer any questions or concerns, 
Highly recommended.Early days but so far we are very happy with our refinancing arrangement with Pepper, with great assistance from AussieAfter jumping through hoops with the major banks, Pepper made the process fast, simple and straightforward, offering an excellent and competitive rate.Seemless transaction getting the home loan. Peppers customer service and communication has been great. Would and have recommend Pepper to friends, family and anyone who asks.Thanks Pepper for helping out with my loan,  I have recommended you to other friends and family. Service has been great.Great customer service and awesome rates
my finance was approved super fast and I got to drive away in my new car really quickly 
Its not everyday you find a finance company who just calls to see how everything is going, so I'm lucky I got pointed towards Pepper :)Thanks Pepper for helping me out with my loan! Have already told close friends how great you are! Would recommend to anyone looking for a fast, easy and attentive non stressful loan company!Great service always knew what was happing with loan.  Was never stressed. Very straight forward just such a great service.Thanks Pepper for the fast and easy finance! had no luck with other companies but Pepper really did everything they could to help me out! Would definitely recommend to anyone needing finance! Thanks once again Pepper!Thanks Pepper Financing. You got me the loan faster than any other option. Loved how easy it was.  Would definitely recommend to a friend.my settlement date was within 2 - 3 weeks before i got any loan due to inexperience by myseld, should had asked for longer settlement time, but gladly went with pepper and they made the process simple for me with quick valuation process thanks, thanks Pepper home loansPepper has proven to me that exceptional service still exists, I have been with Pepper for over 2 years and have found their service great, now I have a boat and car through them and every time its been easy and fast turn around of systems required. Great workMy home loan was not a straightforward home loan but Pepper sorted it out without any problems. Great rate and would recommend them to anyone who has had problems with other lendersSince the start of our dealings with Pepper home loans and since then we have found the service provided has been nothing short of quick and efficient. They always provide a excellent and friendly service. Their rates are reasonable too and we couldn't be happier.Best finance company for a motorbike. Very cheap rates!!! I will recommend to everybody for sure!! End to end service was all about the customer. They went above and beyond.Our dealings with Pepper home loan was quick and efficient. Excellent service. Very reasonable Rates. We are very,very happy customers. Thank you Pepper homes you are the best.I got a car loan quick little higher then preferred interest but overall very satisfied good customer service friendly staff happy days cheersGreat people to work for, really really understanding. They called a welcomed me which is ugly unusual they are amazing people really and the service was amazing. Would highly recommend them to anyone else. The processing was amazingly quick 2 days and it was all sorted.The personel are very friendly & informative, high attention to detail with compassionate customer focus. 
Very easy to ask questions to & very understandable answers to one who has little to no understanding of the finance sector. 
Highly recommendable service.Had never heard of Pepper before but have to say wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to anyone. Great clear and concise info and the info pack for application was so easy to complete and organised. The follow up call was personal and so helpful. Seriously opened up my thoughts of dealing outside of the big named banks.All scenarios are covered in the information pack and any time you ring customer service you are greeted , security checked and problem discussed and solved virtually instantly by the HUMAN you are talking to - none of this " I have to check with my supervisor " rubbish . It's very comforting to deal with trained skilled people.Previously with my first home loans we never heard from Pepper Home loans. There were always the Big Four. Once my Broker  advice to us to get with them i was skeptical but since I started with them  the service is 10 times  better than the Big Four. You will never regret.Dealing with the Pepper Team has been an eye opener. Our home loan was setup quickly with no hold-ups. Friendly is an understatment when it comes to customer service too, which means a lot to me. Very happy to make a switch from one of the big four. 5 Stars......simple as that.Recently signed up with Peppers and have experienced sensational customer service complete with exceptional follow through. Spoke with Lou (who really should have a pay rise because she is THAT good) and others on the team on several occasions and found them honest, reliable and very helpful.Thanks Peppers! Tanja and AllanWe are extremely happy with Pepper Home loans and the service they provided which was A+. They provided a fast and easy to deal with loan and was efficient in every way. I highly recommend Pepper Home loans for a No Fuss, No Stress Home loan. - thankyouFrom the initial application process till the settlement, it was prompt service and less waiting games. Everything was done over the email and phone with single point of contact. I guess it all comes down to speed and accountability. Thanks again.We were very happy with the process from beginning to end, , everything worked smoothly and was a very easy process, this is the first time in 20 years we have changed loan provider and very happy with the outcome.We found the process of refinancing with Pepper fantastic and a smooth process. We had the Adam Magro & Susan Fisk  "Avalon Mortgage Solutions: recommend  Pepper to us when we refinanced and consolidated some credit card debt. We now have a much easier way of managing our repayments and are saving time and money. Highly recommend Pepper. The online account is easy to use and staff on the phone are very helpful and more than happy to assist with any queries.Thanks to the people at pepper I now have a new car. I am over the moon with the car as with pepper team use rock THANKS GUYSPepper provided me with a jet ski loan within 2 days, they were extremely helpful with all regards to the loan. I will definitely be using them again for all future loans.Getting a car loan from Pepper was fast & stress free. Everything was explained fully to my understanding, the courtesy settlement call was friendly & helpfullNot only have Pepper home loans supported me with a loan but they worked under pressure with my urgent time frame and made it all happen, very gratefulGreat service. Very efficient and quick. James o rourke was awesome best service we have had. Great interest rates and repayments. Finally got a homeloan where i can get in contact with all my questions answered. Very helpful friendly staff. Highly recommend so far....we only had settlement week ago but alot better than the bank we were with.Pepper was nothing but fantastic to deal with. You have a dedicated specialist who takes the time to review your situation and explains the process you need to go through to help you get approval. James O Rourke was nothing but fantastic and by far the best person in lending I have dealt with. I was pleased by his unquestioned reliability, enthusiasm and determination. The refinance was completed with ease and will always speak highly of Pepper.I would recommend Pepper Homes Loans. The process was seamless, the follow up was great. The rate that was offered and the fees given our situation was very good.Friendly , efficient and clear . I always knew what was going on and all went very smoothly and it was quicki had a move from a big 4 bank to Pepper. i didnt think of them but my broker had great experiences. they were fantastic and completed this refinance with ease.  follow up and customer service a pleasant change from some of the bank experiences.  would recommend consideration for those needing to consider new funders.This company is truly fantastic great customer service in every aspect there is to running there business no delays, no it's, no butts straight to the point which has diffidently changed our lives and able to enjoy life now.We have transferred our mortgage to pepper the last few weeks and they have been nothing but super welcoming with a great interest rate to match. Here's to many years with pepper :-)Was with Liberty for 4 - 5 years, not a single good word to say about them.  From the start of the process to now Pepper have been fantastic.  They have been informative and helpful, any questions I had have been answered fully in quick time.  Feels good to be treated well for a change. Glad I made the move.Asked for a rate review, we were on 7.09% they offered 6.09%. What a joke. I can walk off the street and get 4.25% anywhereWe felt like we would never be in a position to buy a house. If it wasn't for the opportunity that Peppers gave us we still wouldn't be able to. Thank you so much for helping us get our foot of in the door. :)I work for a Bank and they wouldn't help me. Pepper was very helpful and had a product to suit my purpose. Very impressed with the whole process and will recommend Pepper to my friends and family for sure!!!Just started with pepper home loans ane service has been excellent I've called a few time to ask questions and have been attended to within 5 minutesPepper helped us consolidate and get on top of things. They were pleasant and easy to deal with, not to mention you ALWAYS got through to speak with an actual person! 
Wonderful people.Good Service, No Problems. Straight forward and easy to understand. Any problems I had I just gave their lawyer a call and they were more than happy to help. Excellent all round. Very Happy Customer, now in my first home thanks to Pepper!My husband and i had been trying to consolidate some debit for some time with no joy. We came across Pepper through a broker and could not be happier. They listened to our needs and tailor made a product that suited our situation perfectly. The transition was seemless and we were kept very well informed every step of the way. I cant thank them enough , we are now well under control of our finances and the future looks bright.My wife and i needed to consolidate some debt and get rid of the credit cards. Our mortgage guy put us onto Pepper Home Loans. The process of refinancing from first contact through to final settlement was smooth and stress free. Pepper were fabulous to deal with and recommend anyone to contact them for a smooth helpful financing option on their homecan not speak highly enough of my dealings with Pepper, From the first step until the settlement they were with me and gave any relevant information that was requiredI have been with Pepper Home Loans since 2005 and recently refinanced for some extra funds towards a new car and some renovations around the home and with Pepper the process and the customer service could not be any better!  All it took was an initial phone call and was introduced to Janine Wade from the home loans department who explained the simple process and after some basic paperwork as you would expect it was all finalised! Janine stayed with me all along the short process and made everything so easy to understand and now I have purchased my my car and getting quotes for my home improvements! 
Thank you Janine and Pepper!I could not be happier, I now have security for my two daughters and a stunning house we call home.
Thank you Pepper for making our dream happen, you over looked what most don't and you gave me this incredible chancePepper was able to see past the problems we have had in the past and enable us to get back into  home ownership  sooner than the big four would let usI am self employed and all my work is contract based. Pepper were fantastic in considering my individual circumstances and seeing that I was a good candidate for one of their loans. The big banks were very unhelpful. Pepper were great in letting me know what was required and giving me an answer in a good time frame. The information they sent was user friendly and easy to understand. A great service, highly recommended and very professional.
Thank you Pepper!Just recently financed Home loan with Pepper. Great experience seamless transactions great communication. Would recommend to anybody that they utilise this effortless transaction. Just wonderful.We had the pleasure of transferring our home loan and our external debts to Pepper in May 2015.  We used Frank Daly (broker) from Aussie and he was just magnificent.  Pepper understand that if you consolidate all your debts you are then able to manage repayments.  This is something that the Big Banks just could not comprehend!  Pepper were a breeze to deal with and accommodated special circumstances.  Highly recommend Pepper and Frank Daly!Big thanks of graditude to Khan from Pepper for believing in us
Regardless Of our circumstances
We Are stress free
Consolidating Plus a top up was  a
Bonus.....we can enjoy life
Thank You PepperWe would like to express our gratitude to Pepper Loans for helping us when our bank of many years (ANZ) would not. After our bakery was struggling in the economy we found ourselves with mounting debt with fear of losing our home. Now we have a combined loan with a good interest rate thanks to Pepper Loans still believing in us when others did not. Many thanks, The HarveysTo change or establish  a home loan is usually a long and tedious task. But with Pepper the task was seamless and smooth with good communication all through the process. Well done!!! This was a pleasant  experience for a change.Thankyou Pepper, after years of pipe dreams I have finally reached my goal, this is with many thanks to you. The process was speedy and non confrontingFeeling so blessed, given a second chance owning our own home again, being able to give our 4 beautiful children a place to call home thank you so much to geoff at Aussie home loans who went out of his way to do everything for us and to put us onto Pepper Homeloans who accessed our situation and for giving us that second chance which everyone else looked the other way, they have greatly changed our lives forever!!! Thank you Pepper.Janine Wade is amazing, going above and beyond to meet our needs we could never thank her enough for her hard word.Keeping us informed at every step. Understanding our situation and taking the time to ensure we all were on the same page. Dealing with Janine was an absolute pleasureafter bad choices in life we struggled to find a home loan agent who would look at taking us on. Both my husband and i are hard workers and were trying to secure a future for our son who has a life long disability. Thanks to Mortage Choice for putting us on to Peppper, cant thank them both enough for giving us a second chance at owning our own home again which will stay in the family for many more generations to come. our home has been in the family for 60+ years and now we can pass on to our children. Feeling very blessed.When I was at Uni I was sucked in by all the credit card offers and before I knew it I was in over my head and it left a red mark on my credit history.  Even though my partner and I both earn decent money now the banks still wouldn't even look at us.  Pepper were great though, they assessed our situation and were able to help us to finance our first home.  The staff were always polite and very helpful and they made the whole process pain free for us.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Pepper Homeloans to you.I recently applied for a home loan with Pepper and was successful.
The process went very smoothly. All my questions and concerns were answered in a timely manner and was followed up by phone calls to make sure that I was ok.I have been a Pepper customer for a while. Through mental illness I fell very behind to the point of losing my home, not once, but twice. With my anxiety I was terrified of calling the team at Pepper. When I did, I found them to be incredibly understanding of what was happening with me and willing to do what they could to help me out of the mess I was in. Most big banks would just say "tough luck" but the hardship team at Pepper have a greater understanding of how things can be. They saved my butt and now, with their help, I have things back on track and better organised. If you fall behind, never be scared to call them, they really do want to help and will make it easy for you. Thank you PepperI was stuck with having to refinance my business/home properties after a runin with ANZ and Pepper were able to help me out very quickly. They made a difficult situation very easy and I would recommend them to anyone.Pepper Homeloans have helped us with refinancing our home loan when others wouldn't even look at us and now we can feel a little bit more comfortable again. Pepper has been very fast, efficient and helpful and has helped us make a stressful situation a lot less stressful and a lot less confusing by informing us of what we need to do in a friendly and efficient manner.Good things come to those who wait.. Real estate can be a volatile industry and after a difficult experience selling and  disappointing sale price on our last property we needed to secure finance to purchase another home. A smart Broker and interested staff at Pepper made our recent acquisition a reality.A few hiccups along the way before we completed contract but are now ready for another adventure in a new suburb in our new abode.Pepper Homeloans has been very supportive as we've refinanced and they have now placed us in a much better place than where we were previously. We cannot thank them enough.After experiencing significant change in my life from my husbands passing and then redundancy five weeks later, my financial situation changed exponentially.
Pepper have helped me get back on my feet and start to get on with my life.
Great service, great follow up!
ThankyouPepper finance were fast and efficient very reliable with all information provided and communicated everything to us  at all times we are extremely happy with there serviceThe process from the beginning was very efficient and courteous. Very flexible conditions and the staff are most obliging. Their services are highly recommended.After being refused loans by some other major banks Pepper have been able to lend me money to consolidate some debts albeit at a higher interest rate.  The follow up and communication during the process has been second to none.First of all i would like to thank Pepper, my experience with the Pepper team was delt with very professionally and quick, I would highly recommend them to anybody... Go The Panthers!!Customer service was exceptional - calling all throughout the loan process to update me of the application progress. Competitive rates and fast response!No major lender would look at us to refinance our home loan, not even the lender we were with. Peppers did! They helped us, were so nice and understanding and easy to deal with, not to mention quick! We also saved $272 a week by refinancing and getting rid of our debts. Thanks to Pepper we aren't stressing any more!!peppa always wanted to thank you in  person .but i will thank you on your reviews thank you for seeing a man's hardship hard work and seeing how hard it was for 1 of your customers when it was nearly all too much when the  industry that I work in went down for about 5 months nearly losing the house at the end a divorce and yrs later  i sold the house and money in my pocket and pepper paid out i highly recommend peppa for a home loan your staff absolutely beautiful you have a true relationship in  customer service a customer is peppers bread and butter customer is everything thank you and you're absolutely beautiful staff hopefully we can do business again in the very short future thank youThe major banks didn't want to know me. My financial situation had improved over the last 5 year but still no major bank would help. Pepper Home loans looked at my current financial situation and saw me as a customer not just a number. I couldn't be happier with there product and service. Well done Pepper. I will spread the word.We were very grateful that Pepper treated us with respect and heard our entire story, unlike the big banks who wouldn't let you get past their protocols. Everyone was so helpful and we really enjoyed the one on one service. We were constantly updated with the progress of the loan and never felt like we were left wondering. Many Thanks and we will certainly be recommending Pepper to our friends.Very happy customer. Nice smooth process and was kept update with how my loan was proceeding. Highly recommend to any prospective home buyers out there.Many thanks for providing assistance with our refinancing. The main banks just didn't want to know, even though refinancing would put us in a far more secure and financially able position. Thankfully you guys understand the real position that people are in and how refinancing a number of high interest debts, can have a positive outcome on peoples financial situation.Janine and Mandy from Pepper where fantastic.  Janine had a very proactive attitude in assisting us with the     re-financing of our loan.  Highly recommend both Janine and Pepper Home Loans.When bigger banks given me nothing but excuses, none sense, Pepper gave me all, gave me a chance to own my first home, they made it possible! Definitely recommends to friends and family that is in the similar situation as me. Thank you PepperPepper Home Loans have been fantastic.  When the big banks wouldn't help us, Pepper came to the rescue.  Their service was professional, fast and friendly.  I would definitely recommend Pepper to all my friends and family.I did not know about Pepper Home loans until Geoff Glover mentioned it to me when I was looking to refinance my property. They're great and I will not hesitate to recommend Pepper Home loans to my family and friends who might be looking for a Home loan.Pepper has been great through the whole process and I would like to thank Lanna and Ronnie for all of there help and assistance through this whole process 10/10.I would recommend Pepper Home loans as they made the process simple and treated me fairly, they made it possible for me to have my own house when I thought I may notI would recomend Pepper services to all my friends and family. Fantastic service, great communication, fast responses. I was knocked out by many lenders due to my financial situation but Pepper was the only one who has refinanced my loans and gave me the opportunity to further invest.
Thank you Pepper.The whole process of refinancing with Pepper Home loans was fast and efficient!  Will definately recommend them to family and friends..I will never deal with Peppers again!
They have given us a terrible time dealing with them.
And now we find out they are folding and are demanding full payment on our mortgage?! Seriously?
That's not our problem if you are such a poorly managed company!
We should have stuck with the bank like we always did.
To those of you considering them..run..run fast!
Thanks for nothing Peppers Home Loan!
You should be ashamed of yourselves! And FYI..we will be seeking legal advice on this.I would recommend Pepper Home Loans to anyone as they were very helpful and fast in processing our application and getting back to us with an answer. They helped us where no other bank did and they were very helpful and friendly with any queries we had. They also posted out plenty of documentation which was very helpful in explaining everything.Don't get a Pepper Home loan, they do not pass on all interest rates in full  & here we are 10 days after the RBA decision to reduce interest rates & pepper STILL have NOT made a decision yet. What is the delay? Why don't you pass on all interest rate reductions? Why do you have to wait to see what the other banks do before you make a decision on interest rate? Why do you add on fees & spurious charges & don't inform them? Is it to gouge more money out of your customers? Pepper Home Loans are really shifty. My original loan was with Wizard & thPepper home loans were prompt with returning calls and offered professional friendly service. After being treated poorly by bank lenders, Pepper provided me with a hassle free approval process. It was easy to understand and easily submitted via email and post. I would recommend Pepper Home Loans to anyone who has been given the run around previously with traditional bank lenders.Pepper Home Loans assisted us in refinancing our loan. Their service was quick and reliable. They made the process easy and were always there to answer any questions that we had. I would highly recommend them to family and friends. Would not hesitate to use them again in the future. Once again, thanks for the service provided.Pepper homeloans provides excellent service, they have assists me all the way throughout the process. As a single parent working full time I really needed someone to guide me with all the process. Thank you Pepper for getting my finances sorted.I was in a tight spot financially and they helped out when other lenders wouldnt. The people are very friendly and helpful. Would recommend to anyone.Pepper Home Loans were our life saver as we needed to refinance and our current lender wasn't interested as our situation had changed slightly.  Pepper to the rescue!  The process was very simple and straight forward, lots of follow up calls from the Pepper Office to ensure the paperwork was on track.  I have never experienced such wonderful customer service!!!My wife and I both had bad credit history, struggling to keep up with our mortgage and provide for our three children. We've been trying to refinance for year's now the big bank's always reject us it was a hard, stressful and emotional roller-coaster until we came across Pepper Homeloans.

We done the paper work and waited not long after we got approved it was hard to believe at first but the proof was there the customer service was excellent always contacted us to see how thing's are I will highly recommend them to anyone.

Thank you Pepper Homeloans for saving our family will look for them anytime.My partner and I have a less than perfect credit history however had our finances in order and wanted to buy our dream acreage property and Pepper helped this dream come true!  The customer service has been fantastic and the staff members have all been so helpful and nice.  We would highly recommend Pepper Home Loans to anyone especially if owning your own home seems like a pipe dream they can and will help!Pepper was the perfect option for us as we didn't have genuine savings but had the money and could afford our dream home. Would recommend any first home
Buyer to go with pepper as they have a lot more to offer than any of the big banksDealing with Pepper Homeloans whilst re financing our life my partner and i found all our dealing with Pepper Homeloans was seamless, easy and very pleasant. It is not often that you can say this when dealing with a financial institution they should be proud of their customer service and product. I would highly reccomend them to anyone looking to move away from the banks and find out what real customer service is.Being newly self employed is always a challenge when you require finance, Pepper and our broker Johnny Floridis from Oracle Finance in Adelaide made the process painless! If you are looking for finance as a self employed person I highly recommend Pepper, they get the job done!!We could not be happier with Pepper , their service and product was fantastic. Everything went very smoothly with not one hiccup and they were very efficient, we think the big banks have lost touch with the 'little people ' , we would definitely recommend you guys , thanks again.Our experience with Pepper Homeloans was very positive. From the start, when other banks and lenders would not consider us, Peppers considered our individual circumstances and followed up in a very professional manor, resulting in a successful home loan application allowing us to purchase our home. 
The whole process was fluid, with Peppers communication being very reliable and helpful.
I would recommend Pepper Homeloans for anyone having trouble with other lenders.Un explained arreas in loan and when I did finally got ride of loan when I sold house 1000 $ from my money has been given illegally on wrong bank account. Peppers did make a mistake and all I hear was sorry u can fill out complain form, but no any action for fixing a mistake!! Be very careful with this company.My property was settled recently and Pepper Homeloans has provided an excellent and fast services. Their staff are very professional and helpful. Their loan document and instructions are simple and easy to understand. I am very happy with their services. During the loan application, I received my status update frequently. All I did is sit back, relax, get the document signed and pick up the keys on settlement. Pepper team did all the hard work for me. I will definitely recommend them to everyone.Pepper looked at our situation in a way the big banks would never, they understood our situation and helped us move into a bigger property for our family.
If it wasnt for them we would still be struggling to live in our small townhouse, thank you so much pepper for working with us and allowing us to fix our situation and move on.We are so thankful toward pepper as they looked at our situation through different eyes. Pepper has made it possible for our family to finally own a home, they were very clear and easy to work with and we would highly recommend them for home loans. Thanks Pepper!We have just taken out a new home loan with Pepper home loans.  We found them very easy to deal with and very prompt in service.  Communication and feedback were clear and fast.  The settlement process was made simple with the use of their in house solicitors.  We had no problems at all with Peppers and would recommend them in the future.We found pepper to be very helpful with our finance when no other bank would help. They have helped us realise our dreams of owning our own home.After checking the major Banks, the choice to switch to Pepper was a no brainer! Pepper have the right products and make the whole process easy and stress free. Pepper are a true alternative to the big 4.We have found the process of obtaining this loan to be very easy, Scott from "Complete Lending", who introduced us to Pepper was very professional and helpful and went out of his way to make things happen.
We are very happy with a very competitive rate and Peppers on line "Loan Net Service" is very useful and easy to use.
Once again, THANKS PEPPER.We have just taken out a new home loan with Pepper home loans.  We previously had a home loan with Pepper and they are very easy to deal with. We are Self Employed and found the broker knew her products well and was excellent with her follow up skills. Nothing was too much trouble for them and no question deemed silly. The settlement process was made simple with their in house solicitors. We thank you for your persistence.  Pepper Home Loans should be your first call if looking for a home loan.If you are looking for a home loan you could not do better. Our Account Manager at Pepper went above and beyond the call of duty to find us the right home loan to suit our circumstances.  Janine never gave up and was very determined, could not ask for better at a time of high stress!
Janine kept us updated at all times and was very knowledgeable.
Products and customer service are excellent. In house solicitors make the settlement process less stressful.  If you are self employed you really need to give Pepper a go, ask for Janine Wade, you cant go wrong.
Thanks Pepper for everything.We thought there was no way we would be able to get a loan due to our circumstances but we will be forever grateful to the people at Pepper Homeloans for giving us a second start in life. Pepper has changed our life for the better whereas everyone else wouldn't even take the time to look at our circumstances. Thanks again Pepper!Pepper Home loans service was ten out of ten!  Very impressed in there ability to keep me up to date and informed at all time with progress of my loan!  There process is simple quick and easy.   Would happily recommend them to anyone.  Thanks Pepper.Pepper made a very difficult rural buying experience so easy, even when all the banks had knocked us back on numerous occasions.  In Particular our broker at pepper Lana was a star taking calls out of hours and keeping me sane through the process as she was aware of the anxiety attached - Thanks we finally have our own home!!!!Pepper Home loans are great for the self employed I have be banking with the same bank all my life and when I really needed them thay say no even when you have hundreds of thousand dollars in equity in your homes because I have been trading for less than 2 years. Thank you pepper for saying yes. They give you a fair go .My experience with Pepper was nothing less than perfection. Pepper made a difficult transaction simple and treated me with respect and outstanding professionalism. I would highly recommend Pepper to anyone thinking of refinancing and from a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being the best) I defiantly give Pepper a 10. 
Thank you Pepper for helping me change my life for the better.We were under a vendor finance arrangement for 8 yrs and getting no where fast! After a few knock backs, we were losing hope of ever being able to change the house over to a normal home loan. Our wonderful brokers worked  their magic and plucked Pepper home loans out of the sky! The application was unconditionally approved in a very reasonable time frame. Now, the Sky is the limit for us! Thankyou Pepper for giving us a go :)Even though we had just sold a property and cleared a mortgage which was greater than the loan amount we were seeking, It was difficult to find a lender due to our income stream coming from a self managed super fund and consistent contract/casual work. A Broker that was recommended to us found Pepper to be more realistic than other lenders with their assessment of our situation and gained approval for the amount we needed. The process was reasonably efficient,  however in retrospect, having the broker as a middle man may have caused some delaysWe needed to restructure our finances  by using our broker who recommended pepper home loans who were so accommodating  as i am self employed and very easy to deal with.There loan rate was even lower than my existing home loan .Thanks papperAfter battling rejection from the big banks & other lenders, the jewel that is Pepper, came shining through. With their competitive rates, low fees & flexibility, Pepper were able to tailor a package that suited my needs. As this was my 1st, there was a slow start but Pepper made the process smooth, easy and efficient.  Thanks a lot for all the help in making dreams come true. Highly recommended.I needed to restucture my finances so I went through a broker that went with pepper home loans I can not express my thanks enough they were there to assist at all times and kept me up to date with the process which was fast and afficiant, would highly recommend if you are looking at refinancing many thanksApplied for a loan and was conditionally approved within 36 hours. Had some special requests in regards to settlement and they were actioned immediately. Very smooth and efficient.We are a single income family and we had a good deposit, all the major banks knocked us back but Pepper said YES, they used common sense and looked at our situation. Our mortgage repayments were less than our rent repayments. They offered us quite a reasonable interest rate and have been very happy with them all the way through settlement.

Thanks Pepper for looking after a single income family!Pepper were absolutely fantastic,they unconditionally approved my loan in just 2 days,other financial institutions made me jump through so many hoops and still took their time not approving my loan!
Everything was explained thoroughly and there were no hidden fees,I was given an interest rate similar to what the big banks offer. There were no problems at settlement,I am a property investor and have a lot of experience with banks,Pepper were hands down the best I've ever dealt with.
I cannot speak highly enough of this company and Janine (my consultant) and will definitely be a return customer.I have had a positive experience in applying for this loan with great assistance from our mortgage broker Aussie.
We were always kept informed with the progress of this application and would like to thank both Pepper Homeloans and Aussie for their assistance for us to obtain our loan. Thank you.Great customer service, easy loan application from the start and approval is very fast. we will use pepper again in the future. well done pepperthe experience ive had with pepper has been fantastic along with home loan mortgage brokers, they were always there for any questions or issues and it was a very smooth transition. not a long waiting period when you call service centre unlike other banks.great customer service, easy loan application from the start and approval is very fast. we will use pepper again in the future. well done pepperI am so glad my broker introduced me to Pepper! The transfer from my old mortgage company to Pepper was well handled, efficient and the staff were very easy to talk to and so friendly.  It is refreshing to be able to relate to someone over the phone and hang up with the feeling that your business is in good hands and you are respected. I would certainly recommend Pepper to my friends or colleagues in the future.Thanks to Pepper Home loans for making my dreams come true. After spaeking to my mortgage broker about a number of options we chose Pepper Home Loans and that was the best decision I've made,they made it so easy with no hasle and come settlement time everything was taken care of.I've had lots of loans in the past and the process can sometimes be frustrating but not with Pepper, it all went very smoothly. Easy documentation everything came on time and my property settled with out any issues from the funders side.

I would recommend Pepper and use them again.
Dave HPepper was recommended to me by my mortgage broker. I hadn't heard of them before, but wish i had!
I've never had such a seamless and prompt refinancing done before. Awesome communication between Pepper, my broker and myself proved this to be a pleasant experience rather than one of stress and worry. Everything was done and signed, funds dispersed and everything else sorted before i knew it. These guys know what they're doing and certainly know how to treat customers.
As a mortgage option, im glad my broker chose Pepper.Thank you Pepper home loans for understanding and helping getting the deal done. Great communications from the team and my mortgage broker. Worked quickly to get the paper work in place in time. Will high recommend to others looking for a solution. Feels good to have everything tied together into one package.We were recommended peppers home loan from our mortgage broker, and we have been nothing but please with the professionalism and timeliness of there service enabling us to make the process smoothly for purchasing our first home. Feels great to call it our home. Thank you for your time and outstanding customer service.We have recently taken out a Home loan with Pepper home loans after they we're recommended by our broker due to our circumstances. We found them to be absolutely fantastic to deal with, very professional and helpful to our needs. After years of dreaming we were finally able to buy our dream home. Thank you Pepper!We were struggling to be approved for a home loan through the big named banks due to one bill being paid late!!! This devistated us. Peppas came to our rescue and we were able to buy our dream home. 
Thanks guys, you have made our dreams come true couldn't have done it without you.We had entered into a rent to buy our beautiful home agreement with who we thought was a reputable home builder, but when we were at the point where we had to find finance all the major lenders nearly made it impossible to get a mortgage as it appeared they had some unwritten block against the vendor company.
We approached Pepper Home Loans through the Mortgage broker that we had engaged to see if they would help. They not only helped instantly but were very efficient in the manor that they went about sorting things out for us. We now have a very competitive home mortgage that suited our requirements.pepper bought out GE mortgages with whom i unfortunately had a mortgage with - my interest rate remains at over 11%  now in 2014  - i thought pepper would make things fair for us - obviously not  - i personally don't know anyone paying this high an interest rate -my review is not a good one!!!!I had trouble getting a loan with a bank and Pepper were wonderful in helping me get a loan to buy my dad's house when he passed away. They are very professional, helpful, kind and friendly.

Their communication was fantastic. They kept in regular contact while waiting to be approved and once approved kept up that contact. Even now that I have the loan they have also been in contact asking how everything is going.

Everyone knows how much paper work their is to apply for a home loan and sometimes I needed to ask questions about the forms. PI was with pepper home loans a little while ago now, and when the broker advised this time around that "Pepper are the only ones that will look at your current situation" How could I resist? I said ok and looked into the small print, facts, figures etc ok the interest rate isn't the best but it had to be done in the situation I am in. Once I had all the relevant paperwork ready, it was all pre approved in a matter of days, I went out and started looking at houses. bang found one and put in the offer. Within a month I am now in my house and allI've had my mortgage provided by "Pepper" and previous owners (wizard etc) since I bought my first home in 2001.  Through the various changes in ownership, I was always happy with the online services and rates.  Somehow now, I have ended up with Pepper on a rate of 6.1% while other providers are offering around 5%.  Just rang to ask about getting a better rate and they can only do that if I "refinance" with them (with associated cost and time).  Quite frankly, if I have to do all that paperwork, I may as well just start with a new bank....  TheThis is the first time we used pepper finance for the one of our investment properties and found, they provide an excellent service in terms of account information and customer service. They are really helpful as I was a first time customer through pepper.  Since I was really happy with the service I have taken another loan through them for another investment property.When we contacted Pepper Finance to assist we out refinance we had already been trying to reorganise our finances for over 12 months. Within a month the team at Pepper Finance were able to deilver the goods and provide a full refinance package within 2 months. The staff are extremely friendly and were true to their word. Great job guys.Pepper Home Loans have demonstrated the worst customer service skills I have ever encountered with a financial institution.  Their "processes" make the most simple tasks difficult! Perhaps they have this poor attitude because as a third tier lender, they don't feel their customers deserve any better? I recommend some intense customer service focussed training.  Going to CBA who "CAN"This is the first time that I'm with Pepper finance, and I will said that they were  able to fund my mortgage  with  reasonable rates.
pepper finance were very quick and efficient,  didn't  take loan to assets my application. They all help and support  me with any question that I had.  I will recommend everyone to give a pepper financial  a go!there were no problems any concerns were handled quickly and efficiently. I would recommend to family and friends.This is my first experience with a home loan and im very happy with how Pepper guided me through the process. It was quick and painless. Everything was explained very honestly and they made sure that i understood everything before signing.In the short term this has provided a solution to ownership of our home once again ,its provides the security for my family.But in the long term the interest rates and fees to apply for the product were excessive which puts a dent in our budget.Their were a few occasions where I had to make several phone calls to get a answer or a response to my issue .Was frustrating at times when I didn't get a return call especially when I working away in regional areas .Found the process to apply for the loan and the approval very efficient.After a difficult journey and lots of roadblocks Pepper were able to fund my mortgage at a reasonable interest rate. It was a great relief and allowed me to finally focus on enjoying the new home. It was worth the effort and we have settled in nicely. I'd recommend Pepper to others in similar circumstances to mine.All things went smoothly from when we first applied to when the loan settled. Other places would not even look at us or if they did their interest rate was so high. We have been self employed for over 20 years which makes it really hard thank you so much to Pepper we are so much better off.Our broker advised that Pepper were the only lender that would be able to refinance both our business loans and mortgage. So they ended up being a lifesaver as no other bank was willing to consider refinance cause we also had business loans. The whole process was relatively care free and I wouldn't have hesitate recommending to someone else in a similar situation.Pepper were amazing throughout the entire process - their service and follow up support was very good. Highly recommended. Also their approval times were very quick. Also, their flexibility in terms of weekly, fortnightly or monthly repayments has made it a lot easier for me. Ashley was my contact and he is always available and happy to help.

Thank you very much Pepper.Been with the NAB for over 20 years and the past 7 years our lives had changed, my husband was self employed, bills got a little behind..NAB was not helpful at all to consolidate loans to help us, but were on the ball to hand out Credit cards for an alternative helping hand instead.
we were now drowning in our finances and NAB had helped us get there with Credit Cards. the major 4 banks wouldn't help because we now had too many accounts we wanted to consolidate. Then along came Pepper Finance :) a list of loans to consolidate, a default, my huGreat customer service very oblidging staff .quick approval of the loan with minimal amount of fuss.Very good reponse when I needed to get in contact with customer service department . The product I received fitted in with what I was looking for at the time of my refinance Overall very proffesional.Dealing with peppers professional staff and products was easy and very straight forward. peppers products are flexible and can accommodate diverse circumstances. 


I would recommend pepper as dealing with the staff before settlement , running up to settlement , and post settlement was ideal and direct. Their telephone staff are highly trained and very friendly.We were trying to buy a house in Sunshine Coast and had gone to several banks and mortgage brokers we knew, even RAMS where we have already 2 home loans as investment properties and we were finding really difficult to be heard. After several researches my husband found Peppers Homeloans and we decided to try it. Right at the first call we were given good advice and the prospect of actually getting a loan. And that was it, after we contacted Janine (the manager of our account) and provided her with all the documentation she needed, she did all the work for us, with full support and updates, she helped us all the way and here we are now, in our new beautiful home. Thanks Pepper and specially Janine for a superb reliability. Veronica & TheoI wouldn't of been able to own my first home without Pepper Homeloans. After Bankwest declined my application, my broker suggested Pepper. So thankful that he did because Pepper approved my application and it didn't take long at all. I found the experience with Pepper and their customer service team quite delightful. Such friendly staff! The reps always manages to respond quickly and provide me with the answers I need. Thank you Pepper!! I'll definitely recommend you to anyone having issues with getting their homeloan application approved.Pepper Home Loans were fantastic to deal with when changing over our mortgage. Our broker made sure we were going to be looked after with such a daunting task. It was a very easy process and we are very happy with the result! We would definitely recommend them to all of our family and friends.Our mortgage broker suggested Pepper Homeloans after we had approached banks who were happy to supply credit cards with high interest rates but not to refinance our mortgage.  No problems with Pepper - we were approved within days and finally I've been able to cut up the credit cards.  Thank you Pepper!Customer Service was friendly & very helpful.
Whole process was straight forward & quick.
Our broker, [name removed] from Yellow Brick Road, recommended we use Pepper Finance for our refinancing & in all our dealings with Pepper the customer Service Reps were friendly & most accommodating.
Very quick turnaround with all paperwork.I had thousands in credit card debit and could no longer keep up the payments with a growing family and ever increasing costs. They helped me out when no one else would. Follow up service is excellent and friendly staff. i am pleased that someone would give a second chance to get it rightPepper home loan service treated me with  the most respectful service  very efficient and a pleasure to deal with.  Pepper home loans allowed me to achieve the purchase of my home.   I would gladly pass on their information details to friends.  Customer service were most efficient in contacting me.  Thank you.Pepper are great to deal with. Fast service. Excellent customer comunication. Very easy to deal with.
We were able to get our first home thanks to Pepper and for that we will be forever grateful. 
Because Pepper said yes.. our 4 beautiful children now know they have a forever home.
Thanks Pepper.They seems to be flexible based on your needs and situation. The process was simple, no hassle and does not require ton of documentations. They may not be popular yet but good to be with if you're currently on a non-flexible vendor. With my situation, I was with a big lender who was not flexible and understanding on my situation so it's worth the switch. Highly recommended.Thanks to pepper for approving our home loan with a minimum of fuss. From the time the loan was approved they arranged the settlement asap. On the very day settlement happened we received our money which we were very grateful as we had a backlog of bills to be paid.Thank god our home loan is no longer with pepper home loans and is now managed by another company.  The endless harassment has now stopped.  Oh and so much for not being able to decrease our home loan rate as we were told by pepper our new company is willing to to review and change our rate.  Pepper is nothing but a money hungry company and i am so relieved i never have to deal with them againFrom the time that pepper recieved our application to the time it was approved was good. The time it took to book the settlement and the actual settlement itself took more than a week longer than what I imagined. This was due to my broker who conducted an application with ANZ first but then realising that they did not recieve 2012 financials.Pepper were very simple and easy to work with. The process was quick and the communication friendly and efficient. I was pleasantly surprised how quickly I had my building finance approved and access to funds. I would recommend Pepper Finance to anyone thinking of a home loan or financing a project in general. Thanks to everyone at Pepper Finance!Simple easy process. We had small paid defaults listed years ago preventing us from borrowing at a competitive rate from the big banks. We appreciate pepper for providing an easy, understanding approach to lending. Easy from start to finish and they communicated with us throughout the application letting us know of the progress. Many thanksI wanted to use the equity in my investment property to consolidate credit card debt and being self employed was finding it difficult to get approval from a major bank. Pepper came through with an easy low doc loan. Their customer service staff are friendly and respond to any enquiries quickly.What a fantastic experience . 
At last a home loan with No Difficulty ,No Hidden extras and on time promises. 
We couldn't be happier with our loan and the interest rate was also to our liking. 
Really wish i had heard about Pepper long before now. 
I will certainly recommend .Pepper home loans were thorough and consistent with our application. Their commitment to the services they offer and persistence to complete the application process despite some initial difficulties has allowed us to achieve a new goal we had set for ourselves and our family. Thank you assisting us in moving forward with our livesI have just consolidated all my debts including my home loan after the major banks said no because of previous bad debt. I was able to do this as Pepper understood my circumstances and were able to assist. I now have 1 loan which I service and life is much better with no more stress. The customer service staff are always friendly and respond quickly to enquiries.We have come across to Pepper Home Loans, as we have consolidated our home loan and our car, The process was very quick and painless!!! 
We are very happy with the rate and the product. We would be more than happy to use Pepper again and will refer them to anyone who needs a home loan, consolidation or re financing. Even if you are self employed. 
thanksi have 8 children,bad credit and high debt, due to suffering loss of a small business when the GFC hit. i have been paying a mortgage for 7 years, and no other lenders would even look at my situation. Pepper did, now all my crippling debts are gone and instead of having to pay out over $1,900 a week, i pay out $650.
to say that i am happy with Pepper Home Loans would be an understatement , i also eagerly encourage the negotiation of a lower interest rate with all consumers who find themselves in a rut because of non conforming loan dynamics.We had a telco and utility default listed with VEDA,our current mortgage provider wouldn't even take a look at our application to buy a new home and refinance our current home.
Pepper looked at our explanation for defaulting and our reliable history for repaying our current financial commitments,within a few days we had approval to buy our forever family home and refinance our investment property. Thank you Pepper for taking the time to listen and to understand that sometimes people do have legitimate reasons for smallish size defaults.I went to Peppers in the hope that a smaller lender would assist me better in my needs for a home loan.
I was not dissapointed as they where only to happy to assist me in any way.
With the bigger banks you feel like your just a number 
With Peppers i felt like they wanted to look after my needs on a more personal level.
So i look forward to working with Peppers in the future.
Thank you PeppersWe recently entered into a loan with Pepper. We had a long standing relationship with a major bank who said no. As a couple, one small business owner and an employee, we required a product that would take into consideration our personal circumstances and provide us with the flexibility major banks can't provide. It was a quick and pain-free approval process, a great alternative to the major banks as small business owners.I have been a happy Pepper customer for a 5 years now, - Pepper were able to provide me, a small business owner,  with remortgage finance when the major lenders flatly refused.   Without their realistic approach to lending I would have lost my house.   My contact, she gave me outstanding service, kept me informed at all times, responded quickly and efficiently to all my enquiries and really lifted the profile of Pepper HomeLoans by her professional attention.The service we received was superb, everything went as planned with no delays and no nasty surprises, now we are finally in our own home never to rent again, we will highly recommend Pepper for any financial needs, the follow up call to see if all was OK and if there was anything else they could do was very much appreciated.Everything starts rosy, happy happy just like the people they have asked to write reviews here.  Then, for us, two months in we asked to change from monthly to fortnightly.  Welllllll, so far it has been $900 in fees and charges, 10% interest, sometimes they take the monthly payment, sometimes the fortnightly, then on the 20th DECEMBER, they take BOTH monthly and fortnightly so we had no money for Christmas. As soon as you speak up - you are complaining and a complaint is filed.  NO, it was not a complaint, I just asked why I could not buy my sGreat product and service, Pepper were able to assist us to purchase a home when other lenders could not help.  The process was very easy and we were kepti the loop in regards to the process all along the way. I would recommend Pepper for anyone who are in the same situation as we are.Very happy with securing a home loan through Pepper Home loans. It was a painless experience with staff who were very understanding and affable.

Would not hesitate recommending Pepper Home loans to anyone.
Even our conveyancing lawyer was impressed with what Pepper Home Loans has to offer compared with other 'Non-conforming' lenders.Great product and service, Pepper were able to assist me refinance my loans when other lenders were not able to help, the process was made very easy and clear consistent communication to keep me updated at all times. 
I would recommend Pepper for anyone who needs options to refinance their home.Just switched over and I'm already impressed. They offered me a great rate and made switching and refinancing very simple for me. So far the people I have dealt with have been a great help. 

They made what is normally an annoyingly hard process simple and easy which is fantasticPepper was amazing to us and the entire process was super easy. I am so happy to be in my new home and to be able to have had the process that can be very stressful come together really easily. I used [name removed] from Home loan experts and he helped set the entire process up for me. I just had to sign some papers and give them my fin details.Pepper offered loan where others such as liberty had exorbitant rates!i I had a debt agreement that I had finalised and saved enough for a small unit . While other lenders did not give good service , pepper was very courteous professional and overall helpful. Would always recommend pepper to anyone,Pepper Homeloans were easy to deal with through our broker - echoice.  Great combination!  They enabled a quick settlement and we were able to move in earlier than anticipated.  They rang me after the settlement to make sure everything was ok.  Thanks Pepper!  I would highly recommend them to family and friends.Only started with Pepper through my finance broker (Aussie Broker) in November 2013.  Without Pepper's realistic approach to consolidating the debts, I would be homeless and still in debts.  As the communication was handled through my finance broker (by the way, he is fantastic), the transaction was finalised from application to approval to settlement in 4 weeks.Pepper home loans are my saviour I dealt with a bank for 15 years anz to be open about it I had two months of late payment but not with them when I went to them for support when going through a messy breakup they didn't want to know me but pepper are nothing to sneeze about they are prompt professional and were willing to help and done just that thankyou pepper for giving a genuine customer a genuine chancePepper Homeloans approved my loan when the major banks did not want to. The loan was timely as I am now able to keep the business going. The projects in my hand would have gone to waste, if I had to close the business. The positive response is greatly appreciated. Thank youI have just finalised settlement on my first Investment property. I was advised to go through Pepper Home Loans as i had a blemish on my Veda File from a few years back over a VERY small amount. The whole process to date, in relation to kicking off my dreams as an investor have been really quite simple. I have only had to contact them twice so far and each time my call was answered and dealt with in under a minute. So yeah, thank you thus far Pepper Home Loans. 
Regards, KylePepper helped us refinance after we couldn't refinance with any other bank. They were easy to deal with and helped when we asked any relevant questions. They were timely on their part and helped push through the financed when they stalled. Excellent customer service and pleasant staff were always around to deal withVery happy with pepper homeloans they went out of there way to help us get a better interest rate and refinance our mortgage. Would recommend to people as another option to the major banks for homeloans. Our account manager with pepper had the best customer service we've seen for awhile.Was really happy with the experience with Pepper, we were financially quite able to meet the obligations of the loan, but didn't fit the ridiculous criteria on the mainstream banks.

Our broker recommended Pepper, and we went with his advice, and couldn't be happier, we were able to settle on time, and have been really happy with their follow up since.Pepper home loans shot me down on the day of settlement for my house. They canceled my home loan as i signed the paperwork in hospital with a bad back and i was put in the mental health unit because of beds. They thought i was a mental health patient and stopped my loan completely on settlement day. Now i have to see a physciatrist to prove i was in a sane state of mind to fill out the application forms. They will didle you at the last second. They have now cost me thousands of dollars, i now have to pay the deposit money to the vendors and havNow I am happy, got my investment loan .Did hear about Pepper home loans but never thought of using them, most of us seem to know only of these 4-5 major banks and tend to trust in them for our needs. But now what I have gone through with one of the major banks that the service and response time is very low in comparison. Great work  Pepper and will no doubt use the same great service again.My broker suggeted that I make an application through Pepper Home Loans for a Lo Doc Home Loan given difficulties with the big 4 banks. I found Pepper's process smooth and respectiful given the amount of paperwork involved and the loan went through without a hitch. I would recommend Pepper Home Loans in the future to anyone who is looking for a Lo Doc Loan. LesleyExcellent service from start to finish - hassle free.   Cannot recommend Pepper Australia and their brokers highly enough.    Certainly enabled us to fulfill our dream without any problems.  We have no hesitation is recommending Pepper Australia for any financial requirement.  Follow up was excellent, staff very friendly and courteous - overall excellent service.Only just become a new customer with Pepper but at this stage couldn't be more happier with their service. They provided my wife and I with finance when all other banks said no, given us much needed cash flow. Thanks Pepper you have made our life a whole lot easier.We have just refinanced our home loan with Pepper. Our mortgage broker was brilliant, and Pepper made the whole process easy.  I have used their online banking and phone customer service - both excellent. The people that helped us out were normal, nice, helpful people. Pepper has made it possible to move forward with our finances!We were encouraged to consider Pepper for a recent home loan due the the major banks refusing credit. Our finance broker did the initial contact and once the deal was done we have had no issues. Settlement went well and there were no problems, the customer service people have been helpful recently as I have needed to get a copy of the title so that I can construct a carport.My experience with Pepper Home Loans, and with refinancing my mortgage, was smooth from the outset, until settlement occurred
The only hiccups came from the Lender, from whom I was refinancing.
I found the staff to be willing to listen, friendly, and the entire process, seemed " modern" in its dealings.I found the service at Pepper to be exceptional, the service team were there to help me all the way with every step to access my loan.  You talk to real people that you can actually understand.  They were extremely polite and understanding and helped me all the way, I would highly recommend Pepper Loans to everyone.I was very happy with Pepper Home Loans as they helped by tremendously by taking me step by step through the whole process of getting my first home loan. Everything was explained in detail and the paperwork was easy to fill out. The application process was quick and the settlement went well.I have refinanced my home loan via my broker whom recommended Pepper. Pepper them selves have been good to deal with, suppling prompt responses. I did however have issues with my existing home loan supplier as they delayed settlement, resulting in I having to pay additional interest before final settlement being done.I signed on with Wizard then after the GFC got bumped via GE, AMS(?) and have now become Pepper's meal ticket.

Interest rate is way too high and the script reading phone operator that the loan can't be written outside the original terms, hence the extra $500 a month the high rate throws into their coffers each month.

Ok. The original loan was split with half of it on a fixed interest rate, so why can't I get that half fixed again?!?? The script doesn't cover that so I get a floundering gibberish response.

I have run the account in advaWithout Pepper and our Mortgage broker [name removed],we would of been in dire straights. Both of them saved us not only financially but our sanity. Thankyou very much ! Excellent service! I definitely recommend the service of Pepper but also John Kennedy. He had a difficult task but he came through.Home loan went through approval process smoothly.
The loan was not due for settlement for 3 months and this caused some issues late in the process as well as a fee for the settlement needing to be postponed through the fault of the vendor and plenty of notice being given.Thank you Pepper Home Loans, you have given us a chance to now put all our eggs in one basket and work towards being on top of our finances.  Your service was wonderful with a wonderful result.  Thank you for having faith in us and assisting us along the way.After saving for many years for a deposit for a home loan we found that the banks were still not willing to approve finance for deposits of less than 20% without mortgage insurance.
Pepper had a completely different attitude and were able to look at our unique situation and find a way of supplying the appropriate finance.After struggling to find a loan due to my husbands poor credit history, we were so relieved to find Pepper. We were told that our huge interest rate would only be for 12 months as long as we had a good payment history in that time. This made sense as we are not an increased risk to a bank for 30 years. After our 12 months past with no arrears or late payments we were told that our interest rate would not be reviewed, it is what it is and thats that. After calling again and again I was told that it would be escalated and I would get a call back.From the moment I phoned Pepper everything just fell into place.  My husband and I were after a home loan and had worked hard at saving our deposit, but due to previous credit issues (business failed) we weren't considered by 'normal lenders'.  Nothing was a problem with Pepper, customer service was beyond expectation and every question, phone call and email were answered promptly.  Would recommend Pepper to anyone, far more efficient than any bank.  We are now very happy home owners! :)Our whole process with this company has been a complete joy as we now are able to own our home. The Application process was easy to do and the follow up from Pepper was great. They mae me feel they really cared about our custom and we were not just a number. all our questions were answered professionally and quickly and more to the point they were answered in away we could understand themPepper Home Loans are professional and respecful in their appraoch. People who do not meet strict lending criteria imposed by other banks are given another chance. The process is straightforward, honest and transparent. I am now able to move forward in my investing goals.  

The approval was done within appropriate timeframe.Just like to say thanx to pepper for helping us with our loan,i cant believe big banks I have a great loan history but 1 unpaid elect bill and they don't wont to no u.peppers came straight in and no dramas with us .I think the big banks should be as good as peppers service,Pepper gave me the opportunity to put my case forward and approved my home loan when one of the big banks knocked me back even though I had been banking with them for over 10 years and had previously had numerous mortgages and investment loans through them.  Pepper were prepared to listen and with some extra paperwork and agreements in place I moved my home loan to them. I would recommend Pepper to others.  They listen to the person not the computer.After being made to feel refinancing was out of my reach from another fiance company I contacted [name removed] at Assured home Loans. [name removed] matched my needs with Pepper home loans.All my paper work from Pepper was sent to my home for me to read and sign. The whole process was simple and straight forward.  When calling the customer service center today to complete the final setup for my account I found myself speechless.The staff member who answered the phone was so friendly and helpful. She made me feel at ease, and I felt like I wasPepper Homeloans have assisted my family to consolidate  our debts (result of health & buisness missfortune) into an afforadble loan wihtin our means to make weekly repayments. Pepper Homeloans  came back with a higher interest rate but considering my circumstances their fees and rates are understanding & reasonable. In addition, I am a very happy with the level of professionalism and response.Pepper Homeloans became a saviour to my family by consolidating my existing home and business loan into an affordable loan well within our means to pay.  Similar approaches to the big banks most noteworthy the ANZ who would not offer any solutions but just seemed intent on acquiring our home by default and making my family homeless.  Pepper listened with human ears and helped sort out our dilemma and gave my family peace of mind in the long runPepper has helped us twice now on home loans, there can do attitude & service combined with the assistance of a broker was fantastic. They help when other lenders maybe can't so why pay rent when there are options to own your own home with Pepper. I would highly recommend their service to others.After completing my debt agreement, I knew no mainstream banks would even look at me for a home loan. My mortgage broker suggested Pepper Homeloans as they deal with people that banks wont. I was pleasantly surprised with their service and home loan interest rates which they could provide. Once I returned all documentation requested, I received a preapproval, put in an offer which was accepted. Final finance approval came a week later which secured the property.I am so pleased to now be a happy Pepper Home loans customer, they helped us in a massive time of need when our previous lender had said no to top up loan. With our first baby on the way we needed some extra money to help get the house ready and Pepper was there to help :)I am a happy customer of pepper home loans, they were able to get us a our first home loan when the bank said no. I am very happy with the service they have provided us, and I would recommend them to anyone in a similar position to us, cheers,.After many years dealing with a messy divorce and the fallout from being left in substantial debt, the thought of refinancing was a daunting one. I decided to make an appointment with [name removed] at Morgage choice in the hopes she could help. She didn't hesitate in recommending Pepper Homeloans. They came back with a higher interest rate but considering my circumstances their fees and rates are quite reasonable. Very happy with the level of professionalism and caring nature so far. :)Used Pepper home loans through a mortgage broker, had not heard of them prior to this. But l found their services really good. Sorted out all my debtors cheques with no fuss. Efficient and friendly service. Clear outline of my expectations and the contract term were very easy to understand. The only down side was before settlement of my loan all settlement details were to be discussed with the broker, but in overall l would recommend them.Pepper gave us a Home Loan when other lenders wouldn't. They were very prompt and have been great to deal with. The interest rate for us was a little higher than other lenders on the market due to our own circumstances but still well below the highest making the repayments manageable. I would recommend them to anyone in any situation. If it wasn't for Pepper we wouldn't be in our own home now and would still be on the rental roundabout.I have had an exceptioanl custoemr service experieince with Peppers. Peppers were able to help me colloborate my small debts with my homeloan.  It was a smooth and quick transaction and the experince was exceptional.  The welcoming committee to Peppers were very welcoming and graticouse in ensuring we are happy with our new service.  Fantastic experince - Thank you  Peppers!!After a long drawn out process. I was pleasantly surprised at the efficiency Pepper showed in the settlement of my loan. They were clear on the requirements needed for the application and I was very happy with the speed things went through once a decision was made. Pepper have a recommendable approach to Home Loans.I found a Home Loan that suited my purpose without many hoops to jump thru ! It went smoothly and the staff were easy to deal with and were quick to put everything in place. I am going to register and use their online service so I can conduct redraws and deposits on the Home Loan effectively.Pepper home loans (and the broker that introduced us to Pepper) were more than accommodating. Being a self employed business owner, it makes it hard with the major banks and institutions to get an application approved. It was suggested that we try Pepper because they appreciate the challenges and complexitites with small business owners. And woohoo! It was all sorted very, very quickly.Very fast and friendly, with no complications lending. First time I ever heard of these people and would recommend giving them a go. We had trouble gaining credit from the 4 major banks and then our broker got us onto Pepper homeloans. They were willing to help us and we achieved our finance to buy our home.During my tumultuous year of last, having been left by my wife and wanting to stay on our property which includes the family home and my workshop, I was in need of a understanding lender. Through my agent [name removed] (also highly recommended) Pepper was able to help me out although it is a low document loan I understood it's implications and by the grace of the Lord my King (to whom all my praise goes) Pepper came to the party and helped me out, Their service and customer contact has been sufficient in my view, contacting me only when nessesary.
I'm most greatfull to them and to the Lords provisions.
Warm Regards Alex BennettMy partner and I were approaching the big banks to refinance our loans, it was difficult because our incomes are relatively small and we have late payments shown on our loan statements.  Our broker recommended Pepper Home Loans, we couldn't have happier with the loan facility offered by them :)We were declined by a broker several times due to having " a lot of enquiries" and the broker took us to 4 lenders all getting declined. We approached Home Loan Experts who were able to take us to peppers who approved the loan, after 2 years we were able to refinance back to a normal lender. Peppers approved our loan smoothly and we got to settle on our home!Just wanted to pass on my review of Pepper Home Loans as we've just obtained finance through them. Very courteous and great customer service. They kept us in the loop for each step of the home loan process and sent us text messages to advise where the loan was at daily. It reduced the amount of calls I was making to the broker. Follow up call from [name removed] @ Pepper was great and he even advised if we stick with them for a year they may review our interest rate if we pay on time. We knew being self employed may pose a problem to all the major banks, but thanks to Pepper we've got our loan and our dreams are coming true thanks to them.We chose Pepper Home loans, as we had an old default, and the banks would not consider us, even though it was paid out. Dealing with Pepper was great, they approved the loan and all was done very quickly without hassle. It was very painless and we are now in the house of our dreams.i had been to other brokers and banks but peeper where the only company to assist with the funds.they basically offered over the phone approval on the spot. just took a bit of time for the paperwork.
money was ready quickly once paperwork arrived back at head office.
would deal with them again.
any one with bad credit should try these guys.Pepper home loans helped us refinance our home with ease.The paperwork was so easy to understand and fill out.There was no trick questions or small print to look out for and what you read is what we got.I would recomend pepper to anyone that needs there help and I thank them for making everything so smooth and easy.I am a new customer to Pepper Home Loans and was very impressed by their expert, friendly and courteous manner in which our home application was processed. We tried to obtain a home loan through the bank but was declined and felt that owning our home loan was just a dream, however, Pepper have brought our dreams to life.We recently refinanced our home loan with Peppers.  We were provided with adequate information at all times without needing to request it. Service was prompt and changes that we made attended to without any problems.  Settlement period was fast and occurred at the time advised.  Peppers then followed up after the settlement to ensure everything was satisfactory.Pepper Home Loans facilitated our personal financial commitments with a high level of service and experience to get our issues resolved without any major fuss. The time to process of application was great and the settlement occured with no concerns. We were very please with Pepper Home Loans and would refer them to anyone needing finance in the future.Our mortgage broker made the correct decision in choosing Pepper for our home loan. We could not be happier with the outcome. Pepper staff across all departments seemed more professional than the big four bank staff. The process was let down slightly by the out-sourced valuer who dragged it out. Pepper were keen for our feedback and they and they are looking at improving that stage of the process.Dealt with Pepper Finance through a brokerage firm. Transaction was dealt with very quickly with little fuss. All paperwork was sent quickly be express post with return envelope for return of documents. Moneys were paid into my account on settlement date. Had follow up phone call as a welcome.  Much quicker than a Bank.We have just signed up with Pepper home loans from our previous lender at a much lower interest rate. We are classified has high risk to lend money to but Pepper where there ready in just 2 weeks to help us. We are really happy with the outcome I was in contact with them for internet banking and they where really helpful with everything.Have just commenced with Pepper.  The approach and complete understanding has been totally professional and informative. Customer service, when contacted, have been able to offer an explanation which is both courteous and assisted with my concerns. It is encouraging that Pepper can offer a more personal service than what the Banks are providing.We had been trying to get the right loan for ages when our broker referred us to Pepper Home loans.They organised our loan in a short period of time and gave us a reasonable interest rate. They got a valuer to come out and then finalised the loan through their solicitor.A great result.The team at Pepper have always been of great service during the 5 years I've had a loan with them.  I decided to refer my loan situation and my consultant, [name removed], found me the best home loan available.  She went out of her way to help me through the process of changing over to the new package.  Excellent service and highly recommend Pepper to everyone!Was with pepper. Went into arrears due to divorce. Ex sold the house to her family members. Account was finalised and closed and letter received stated thanks for your bussiness. 

Over five years later get a letter from debt collectors stating money is still owing on the house?

Financial counsellor states it's dodgey and lack of communication from peppers and debt collectors. This has been going for two years!!!!!!!!

When will it end!I have read afew reviews in relation to Pepper Homeloans and I was a little worried going into debt with the company.  But then I though to myself your lucky to get a second chance!  Sure the interest rate is high at 8% and the fees take you by suprise but you have to remember that Peppers is an unconventional Lender and most of their clients are like me, with a poor financial credit history trying to get a fresh start. Lets face it who in their right mind would take out a home loan in the current market and pay 8% interest unless they had no oWe just would like to thank Pepper Home Loans and [name removed] at Home Loan Experts for allowing us to have the opportunity to become first time home owners. We both had bad credit from previous mistakes, after the big banks saying no we are so grateful that Pepper were willing to give us a chance. The staff at Pepper are wonderful always friendly, helpful in answering all our questions promptly without a hassle.Thank youPepper were a pleasure to deal with and could help when others could not. Due to credit issues I had problems setting the loan but Pepper had reasonable solutions to my problem. Their staff were always available and made the experience less of a hassle. They weren't as costly as I imagined and we got what we needed at the end of the day.I have been a happy pepper customer for 2 years. Pepper were able to provide me, a small business owner, with finance when the major lenders said no. With out their realistic appoach to lending my business would have become bankrupt. Their customer service staf are always are always friendly and respond quickly to enquires, very good service always there.i had 50,000 of credit card debt which i was never going to be able to pay off with credit card rates of 22%P.A. My mortgage broker told me i was declined by the banks because i had bad conduct and i was over my limits,my broker offered me the option to go to peppers. peppers was ok with me having missed a couple of credit card repayments because they could see that i was trying my best to stick to my home loans and to pay the minimum on all of my credit cards. their rates a higher then the banks yes but not tht much higher and once peppers paid off all my credits cards i save 500 per month..i have dealt with pepper home loans for more than 2 years and have found the bdm delivers knowledgable and accurant speedy responses. Credit is also approachable and open minded to assist people and customers where the banks say know - they offer a comfort support loan to take the stress out of borroweringI would firstly like to thank our broker from Mortgage Choice for finding us a home loan, we were rejected 4 times by other banks.. We signed up with a non bank called Pepper, our approval was granted quicker than expected.... Thank you Pepper for allowing us to buy a place we can call home again.My experience has been the same as the other reviews.  Original mortgage thru Wizard, then sold on to GE, then AMS and finally Pepoers. Excessive fees, very high interest rates compared to other lenders that rarely come down, letters never tell you what your monthly repayment amount is, and pity help you if you do not make a payment.  I have just arranged another mortgage which will save me $800 per month and will be very glad to see the back of them.

What I resent the most is the fact I never signed up with this crowd.  This is the aspect I think the regulator needs to look into.Costumer service??? there is none from these guys they will give you the run around. They will never drop anyones rates. We had our rates reviewed for a lesser rate only to be told no. why asked why its just a no???? We too never signed up with pepper our loan company was brought out by them. They are total rip off scums We have been stuck with the for 4 years now..They arent here to help anyone  only make peoples life stressful. They have unreasonable exit fees never give you regular statements.One goo thing here.. I'm obviously not the only one! I too was with wizard and have gone through the buy outs to end up with pepper. Grrr!  I got hung up on today because " I'm obviously not listening" as I told her she was interrupting me every time I spoke!! My "arrears" has fluctuated between $300 and $1200.. Without me paying anything towards them ( i say im not in arrears!) No reduction in payments "when I'm in arrears" when there is interest rate drops!! ?!? Legal? I should hope not! different story today, apparently you have to call and